A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.
A chicken crossing the road is poultry in motion.
A clean desk is a sign of a sick mind.
A constipated mathematician works it out with a pencil.
A dog is a dog except when he is facing you. Then he is Mister Dog.
A journey of a thousand sites begins with one single click.
After all is said and done... a lot more is said than done.
All great discoveries are made by mistake.
All things are possible except skiing through a revolving door.
All turtle thoughts are of turtle.
Always remember you are unique... just like everyone else.
An expert is someone who knows more and more about less and less until they know absolutely everything about nothing.
An office with many people and few electrical outlets could be in for a power struggle.
Artificial intelligence beats real stupidity.
Beauty is only skin deep... ugliness goes right to the bone.
Being king is not so much fun if no one knows you are.
Bend the facts to fit the conclusion. It is always easier that way.
Beware of all enterprises requiring new clothes.
Beware of programmers that carry screwdrivers.
Black holes are out of sight!
Blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the crap.
Blessed are the young... for they shall inherit the national debt.
CAPS LOCK... Preventing Log in Since 1980!
Celibacy is not hereditary.
Cheer up. The first hundred years are the hardest.
Confidence is the feeling you had before you knew better.
Enter any 11 digit prime number to continue.
Entropy is not what it used to be.
Every death simplifies life for someone.
Every family tree has some sap.
Everyone has a scheme for getting rich that will not work.
Experience is a good teacher... but it charges huge bills.
Experimentation is the mother of all confusion.
Fill what is empty. Empty what is full. And scratch where it itches.
First secure an independent income... then practice virtue.
Flying is simple. Throw yourself at the ground and miss.
Fools belittle that which they do not understand. Cynics belittle everything. Midgets simply belittle.
For your peace of mind... resign as general manager of the universe.
Freedom of the press is limited to those who own one.
Friction is a drag.
Friendship is like peeing on yourself. Everyone can see it... but only you get the warm feeling it brings.
Frustration is not having anyone else to blame but yourself.
Golden Rule...  whoever has the gold...  rules.
Half the people you know are below average.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It is very time consuming.
How do you keep an idiot in suspense?
I am not lazy... I am overflowing with potential energy.
I originally was not going to get a brain transplant... but then I changed my mind.
I used to be indecisive. Now I am not sure.
I like work. It fascinates me. I sit and look at it for hours.
I would love to change the world... but they will not give me the source code.
If at first you do not succeed... call it version 1.0.
If brute force does not solve your problems... then you are not using enough.
If builders constructed buildings the way programmers write programs... the first woodpecker to come along would destroy all of civilization.
If it jams... force it. If it breaks... it needed replacing anyway.
If the facts are against you... argue the law. If the law is against you... pound the table and yell like hell.
If the first person who answers the phone cannot handle your question...  it is a bureaucracy.
If the thought of growing old bothers you... consider the alternative.
If truth were a matter of opinion... then the majority would always be right.
If you are feeling good... do not worry. You will get over it.
If you cannot convince them... confuse them.
If you cannot logically refute their arguments... not all is lost. You can always call them nasty names.
If you cannot understand it... it must be intuitively obvious.
If you disinfect the pond... you kill all the lilies.
If you gave a monkey control of its environment... it would fill the universe with bananas.
If you give someone a program... you will frustrate them for a day... if you teach them how to program... you will frustrate them for a lifetime.
In a mad world... only greater insanity succeeds.
In case of doubt... make it sound convincing.
Inside every short man is a tall man doubled over in extreme pain.
Interesting history is awful living.
It is a grave error to allow any mechanical device to realize that you are in a hurry.
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
It is morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.
It is probably better to be insane with the rest of the world than to be sane alone.
Laugh at your problems... everyone else does.
Last weke I cud nut even spel kumpooter programer and today I are one!
Latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75 percent of the world population.
Life is a bitch... but then... consider the alternative.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
Lost causes are probably the only ones worth fighting for.
Motor gently through the greasemud... for there lurks the skid demon.
My daily Linux command list: unzip; strip; touch; finger; mount; fsck; more; yes; unmount; sleep.
My software never has bugs. It just develops random features.
Never argue with a fool... people may not be able to tell you apart.
Never climb a fence when you can sit on it.
Never eat prunes when you are famished.
Never invest in anything that eats or needs repainting.
Never let your sense of morality stop you from doing what is right.
Never make the same mistake twice... there are so many new ones to make!
Never play leapfrog with a unicorn.
Never step in anything soft.
Never take life seriously... no one gets out alive.
Never try to teach a pig how to sing. It is a waste of time and it annoys the pig.
Never underestimate the power of stupidity.
No one is too old to learn new ways of being stupid.
Programmers are tools for converting caffeine into code.
Programming is like sex... one mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life.
Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot proof programs... and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far... the Universe is winning.
The attention span of a computer is only as long as its electrical cord.
The best way to achieve immortality is by not dying.
The best way to avoid growing old is not to be born so soon.
The best way to make fire with two sticks is to insure that one of them is a match.
The early bird might get the worm... but the second mouse gets the cheese.
The Internet... a place where men are men... women are men... and children are FBI agents.
The light at the end of the tunnel just might be the headlamp of an oncoming train.
The probability of a piece of bread falling with the buttered side down is proportional to the cost of the carpet.
The probability of someone watching you is directly proportional to the stupidity of your action.
The secret of success is sincerity. Once you can fake that... you have got it made.
The truth is out there... Anybody got the URL?
There are only 10 types of people in the world... those that understand binary and those that do not.
There are those who make things happen. There are those who watch things happen. And there are those who wonder what happened.
There are three kinds of people... those who can count and those who cannot.
There are three rules for successfully managing people... Unfortunately... no one knows what they are.
There is no intelligent life down here.
There is nothing wrong with gluttony... as long as you do not overdo it.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
To make mistakes is human. To really screw things up requires a computer.
In order to understand recursion you must first understand recursion.
Linux is basically a simple operating system... but you have to be a genius to understand the simplicity.
Linux is user friendly. It is just selective about who its friends are.
We do not know who first discovered water. However... we are confident that it was not a fish.
Welcome to the totally automated... fully computerized world of the twenty-first century... where nothing can go wrong... go wrong... go wrong...
When in doubt... mumble. When in trouble... delegate. When in trouble and doubt... Run in circles... yell and shout.
When you are tempted to fight fire with fire... remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
Whenever I feel blue... I start breathing again.
Why did the chicken cross the road... roll around in the dirt... then cross back over again? Because this chicken was a dirty double crosser.
With sufficient thrust... pigs can fly just fine.
You cannot drown your troubles... not the real ones... because if they are real... they can swim.
You have one mouth and two ears... use them in that proportion.
You never know how many friends you have until you own a house at the beach.
Your freedom to swing your arm... ends where my nose begins.
